Version up to 1.4.7 (#256)
Samsung/CredSweeper: docs/source/guide.rst

    However, use of `--api_validation` is not recommended at the moment as its influence on False Positive/False Negative alerts are not validated yet.
    Moreover, it might result in a ddos related ban from corresponding APIs if number of requests is too high.

.. note::

>     CredSweeper has experimental option `--depth` to scan files with predilection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    CredSweeper has experimental option `--depth` to scan files when taking into account a knowledge about data formats:
```

        - supported containers (tar, zip, gzip, bzip2)
        - base64 encoded data

>         - represent text (xml, json, yaml etc.) as structure and combine key with value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - represent text (xml, json, yaml etc.) as a structure and combine keys with values before analysis
```
